Frontpage tweak (#137)
veraison/veraison: README.md

Project Veraison will build software components that can be used to build an Attestation Verification Service.

## Background

> Attestation is the system by which something produces evidence about itself that another party can use to evaluate the trustworthiness of that entity. A critical part of establishing trust based on that evidence is Verifying what is presented to ensure it meets a policy established to prove trustworthiness. The act of Verification will often require comparing evidence against reference values or checking cryptographic signatures from a known trust anchor. This is a complex task to be performed by an arbitrary user of a system and it is often delegated to a trusted Verification Service instead. The nature of the Service will depend upon the deployment - it may be a local software component or it may reside as a network or internet accessible component. The actual nature of the Service will depend upon the actual deployment. The Verification Service will need up to date data for the process of appraising the evidence presented to it. This must be obtained from authoritative sources, which normally implies establishing business relationships between the Verification Service and those sources. 

Reviewer: As you are tidying up, some minor Nits:

instead of something produces evidence, it would be more clear to say:
an entity produces evidence about itself.

## What part does Project Veraison play in this?
Given the above, it can be challenging to build just one Verification Service solution which can address all deployments for a technology that needs to produce Attestation reports to prove its trustworthiness. If that then implies that each deployment needs a custom service, there is a significant software barrier and hence cost of entry to establishing a system that can be used in a secure manner. Veraison aims to provide consistency and convenience to solving this problem by building the software components that can be used to build Attestation Verification Services. The components encompass a core structure of verification and provisioning pipelines that can be extended to support specific attestation technologies by the use of plugins. The core components relate to the deployment environment via abstractions.The Veraison project will build some reference implementations in order to prove the integration principles of those components. The reference implementations will not be production quality, but may provide a convenient basis for substantive deployments.

> For further details, see the [documentation](https://github.com/veraison/docs). Please raise issues on that repro to request clarifications or additional areas of documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For further details, see the [documentation](https://github.com/veraison/docs). Please raise issues on that repo to request clarifications or to cover additional areas of documentation.
```
